Add shorthand -n for --namespace flag (#2623)
kyma-project/cli: docs/user/gen-docs/kyma_alpha_diagnose.md

# kyma alpha diagnose

Diagnose cluster health and configuration.

## Synopsis

> Use this command to quickly assess the health, configuration, and potential issues in your cluster for troubleshooting and support purposes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this command to quickly assess the health, configuration, and potential issues in your cluster for troubleshooting and support purposes.
```

```bash
kyma alpha diagnose [flags]
```

## Flags

```text
  -f, --format string           Output format (possible values: json, yaml)

>   -o, --output string           Path to the diagnostic output file. If not provided the output will be printed to stdout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -o, --output string           Path to the diagnostic output file. If not provided, the output is printed to stdout
```

>       --verbose                 Display verbose output including error details during diagnostics collection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --verbose                 Display verbose output, including error details during diagnostics collection
```
